# GPTCredittRating

In this work we implement an approach to do credit rating of various companies that are publicly traded using GPT-4-1106-preview and yfinance.

## Objectives
* **Primary Goal**: Utilize GPT to assign credit ratings to a diverse range of companies.
* **Secondary Goals**: Assess the accuracy, reliability, and consistency of the credit ratings generated by GPT.

## Project structure
Our project consists of various components listed below.

* **Data gathering**: As large datasets of credit ratings are hard to come by we devised an approach to gather this data using libraries and web scraping
* **Prompt generation**: We came up with a system prompt for our credit rating generation that ensures a reliable format and good quality of output. Secondly we built our prompt using various pieces of data we gathered such as balance sheets of companies.
* **Prompt calling**: We employ three different strategies for prompt calling. Firstly we send the prompt directly to the model and evaluate the output. Secondly, we used few shot learning by sending examples of a credit rating in and output to the model. Thirdly we use a combination of chain of thought and voting with the intention to produce an output of higher quality.
* **Comparison**: We compare the results of our three strategies by defining a distance measure between different credit ratings. We then compute the average distance for each approach, which corresponds to the correctness of credit rating predictions.

